Beef up docs around using class fields (#516)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/components/properties.md

An empty option object is equivalent to specifying the default value for all options.

### Avoiding issues with class fields when declaring properties {#avoiding-issues-with-class-fields}

> [Class fields](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Public_class_fields) have a problematic interaction with declaring reactive properties. Class fields are defined on the element instance. Reactive properties are defined as accessors on the element prototype. According to the rules of JavaScript, an instance property takes precedence over and effectively hides a prototype property. This means that reactive property accessors do not function when class fields are used. When a property is set, the element does not update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Class fields](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Public_class_fields) have a problematic interaction with reactive properties. Class fields are defined on the element instance. Reactive properties are defined as accessors on the element prototype. According to the rules of JavaScript, an instance property takes precedence over and effectively hides a prototype property. This means that reactive property accessors do not function when class fields are used. When a property is set, the element does not update.
```

> **You can use class fields** with reactive properties when transpiling code with Babel or TypeScript and the proper settings are enabled. Both Babel and TypeScript support transpiling class fields into properties set in the constructor rather than defined on the instance.

Reviewer: Suggest removing this paragraph, kinda seems like it's mostly redundant with the next two paragraphs, which are more focused.

> For TypeScript, set the `useDefineForClassFields` setting in your `tsconfig` is set to `false`. Note, this is not required for some configurations of TypeScript, but it's recommended to explicitly set it to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For **TypeScript**, you may use class fields for declaring reactive properties as long as the `useDefineForClassFields` setting in your `tsconfig` is set to `false`. Note, this is not required for some configurations of TypeScript, but it's recommended to explicitly set it to `false`.
```

> For Babel, set `setPublicClassFields` to `true` in the `assumptions` config of your `babelrc`. Note, for older versions of Babel, you also need to include the plugin `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When compiling JavaScript with **Babel**, you may use class fields for declaring reactive properties as long as you set `setPublicClassFields` to `true` in the `assumptions` config of your `babelrc`. Note, for older versions of Babel, you also need to include the plugin `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`:
```

```js
assumptions = {
  "setPublicClassFields": true
};

plugins = [
  ["@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties"],
];
```

For information about using class fields with **decorators**, see [Avoiding issues with class fields and decorators](/docs/components/decorators/#avoiding-issues-with-class-fields).

> **You cannot use *native* class fields** or their emulated output in Babel or TypeScript with properties intended to be reactive. Instead, properties should be initialized in the element constructor:

Reviewer: I also suggest moving this section to the top, so that the 3 scenarios are (in order): JavaScript, TypeScript, Babel

```suggestion
In **JavaScript** you must not use class fields when declaring reactive properties. Instead, properties must be initialized in the element constructor:
```

Author: Done.
